feat: Add support for SR-IOV Network Adapters (#1417)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/r/virtual_machine.html.markdown

* `mac_address` - (Optional) The MAC address of the network interface. Can only be manually set if `use_static_mac` is `true`. Otherwise, the value is computed and presents the assigned MAC address for the interface.

* `bandwidth_limit` - (Optional) The upper bandwidth limit of the network interface, in Mbits/sec. The default is no limit. Ignored if `adapter_type` is set to `sriov`.

* `bandwidth_reservation` - (Optional) The bandwidth reservation of the network interface, in Mbits/sec. The default is no reservation.

* `bandwidth_share_level` - (Optional) The bandwidth share allocation level for the network interface. One of `low`, `normal`, `high`, or `custom`. Default: `normal`. Ignored if `adapter_type` is set to `sriov`.

* `bandwidth_share_count` - (Optional) The share count for the network interface when the share level is `custom`. Ignored if `adapter_type` is set to `sriov`.

* `ovf_mapping` - (Optional) Specifies which NIC in an OVF/OVA the `network_interface` should be associated. Only applies at creation when deploying from an OVF/OVA.

> #### Using SR-IOV network interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using SR-IOV Network Interfaces
```

In order to attach your virtual machine to an SR-IOV network interface, 
there are a few requirements

* SR-IOV network interfaces must be declared after all non-SRIOV network interfaces.

* The target host must be known, if creating a VM from scratch, this means setting the `host_system_id` option.

* SR-IOV must be enabled on the relevant physical adapter on the host.

* The `memory_reservation` must be fully set (that is, equal to the `memory`) for the VM.

* The `network_interface` sub-resource takes a `physical_function` argument:
  * This **must** be set if your adapter type is `sriov`
  * This **must not** be set if your adapter type is not `sriov`
  * This can be found by navigating to the relevant host in the vSphere Client,
    going to the 'Configure' tab followed by 'Networking' then 'Physical adapters' and finding the 
    relevant physical network adapter; one of the properties of the NIC is its PCI Location
  * This is usally of the form "0000:ab:cd.e"

* The `bandwidth_*` options on the network interface are not permitted.

> * Adding, modifying and deleting SR-IOV NICs is supported, though will require a VM restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding, modifying, and deleting SR-IOV NICs is supported but requires a VM restart.
```

> * Modifying the number of non-SR-IOV (e.g. VMXNET3) interfaces when there are SR-IOV interfaces existing is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modifying the number of non-SR-IOV (_e.g._, VMXNET3) interfaces when there are SR-IOV interfaces existing is
```

  explicitly blocked (as terraform_vsphere_plugin doesn't support modifying an interface at the same index from 

>   non-SR-IOV to SR-IOV or vice-versa). To work around this delete all SRIOV NICs for one terraform apply, and re-add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  non-SR-IOV to SR-IOV or vice-versa). To work around this, delete all SRIOV NICs for one Terraform apply, and re-add 
```
